McAfee ePO v2 Integration (#16436)
demisto/content: Packs/epo/Integrations/epoV2/README.md

More info about McAfee ePO's permissions model is available [here](https://docs.mcafee.com/bundle/epolicy-orchestrator-5.10.0-product-guide/page/GUID-1AEFA219-0726-4090-A8C2-BCAA1CAA7B37.html).

Example `!epo-help` outputs with permission information: 
* `!epo-help command="repository.findPackages"`:
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/0b1cdaff3a3cd238cbe98ae25bee0c6206af11e0/Packs/epo/doc_files/epo-help-find-pkg.png)
* `!epo-help command="repository.deletePackage"`:
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/0b1cdaff3a3cd238cbe98ae25bee0c6206af11e0/Packs/epo/doc_files/epo-help-delete-pkg.png)

## Configure McAfee ePO v2 on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for McAfee ePO v2.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | McAfee ePO Server URI |  | True |
    | Username |  | True |
    | Password |  | True |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |

>     | HTTP Timeout | The timeout of the HTTP requests sent to Cortex XDR API \(in seconds\). | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | HTTP Timeout | The timeout of the HTTP requests sent to McAfee ePO API\(in seconds\). | False |
```

### epo-query-table
***
Queries an ePO table.

#### Base Command

`epo-query-table`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| target | Table name. | Required | 
| select | The columns to select, in SQUID syntax. Example: "(select EPOEvents.AutoID EPOEvents.DetectedUTC EPOEvents.ReceivedUTC)". | Optional | 
| where | Filter results, in SQUID syntax. Example: "(where ( eq ( OrionTaskLogTask .UserName "ga" )))". | Optional | 
| order | Order in which to return the results, in SQUID syntax. Example: "(order (asc OrionTaskLogTask.StartDate) )"). | Optional | 
| group | Group the results, in SQUID Syntax. Example: "(group EPOBranchNode.NodeName)". | Optional | 
| joinTables | Perform join, in SQUID syntax. | Optional | 
| query_name | Name for the query to appear in the context. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| McAfee.ePO.Query | unknown | Query result. | 

#### Command Example
```!epo-query-table target="FW_Rule"```

#### Context Example
```json
{
    "McAfee": {
        "ePO": {
            "Query": {
                "1639695731": {

>                     "6544666": [

Reviewer: we should not have these random numbers in the context.
And I don't see here the query name as part of the output

Author: For the name part there is an argument to overwrite these number and we I did  one more change to do it with the target

McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator
This integration was integrated and tested with version 5.3.2 and 5.10 of McAfee ePO 

> 

Author: fixed

#### Human Readable Output

>### ePO command *clienttask.find* results:
>|objectName|productId|productName|objectId|typeName|typeId|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| On-Demand Scan - Full Scan | ENDP_AM_1000 | Endpoint Security Threat Prevention  | 26 | Endpoint Security Threat Prevention: Policy Based On-Demand Scan | 11 |
>| On-Demand Scan - Quick Scan | ENDP_AM_1000 | Endpoint Security Threat Prevention  | 27 | Endpoint Security Threat Prevention: Policy Based On-Demand Scan | 11 |

### epo-find-client-task
***
Finds client tasks .

#### Base Command

`epo-find-client-task`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| searchText | List client tasks that contains searchText in their name field. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| McAfee.ePO.ClientTask.objectId | number | Client Task Object ID | 
| McAfee.ePO.ClientTask.objectName | string | Client Task Object ID | 
| McAfee.ePO.ClientTask.productId | string | Client Task Object ID | 
| McAfee.ePO.ClientTask.productName | string | Client Task Object ID | 
| McAfee.ePO.ClientTask.typeId | number | Client Task Object ID | 

> | McAfee.ePO.ClientTask.typeName | string | Client Task Object ID | 

Author: fixed

#### Human Readable Output

>Policy productId:ENDP_AM_1000 objectId:86 assigned successfully to GroupId 2

### epo-assign-policy-to-system
***
Assigns policy to a supplied list of systems or resets systems' inheritance for the specified policy

#### Base Command

`epo-assign-policy-to-system`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| names | You need to either supply the "names" with a comma separated list of names/ip addresses or a comma separated list of "ids" to which the policy is to be assigned. | Required | 
| productId | Product ID.(as returned by policy.find). | Required | 
| typeId | Type ID.(as returned by policy.find). | Required | 
| objectId | Object ID.(as returned by policy.find). | Required | 
| resetInheritance | reset the inheritance for this object. Possible values are: true, false. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.

#### Command Example
```!epo-assign-policy-to-system names="TIE" productId="ENDP_AM_1000" typeId="40" objectId="84"```

#### Human Readable Output

>### ePO Policies:
>| name |status|id|message|
------|---|---|---|---|

> >| TIE | -1 | -1 | Unable to take action on the computer because it may not exist |

Author: Fixed

| McAfee.ePO.Issue.activityLog.issueId | number | Issue Activity Log Issue Id | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.activityLog.title | string | Issue Activity Log Title | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.activityLog.username | string | Issue Activity Log username | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.id | number | Issue Id | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.name | string | Issue Name | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.type | string | Issue type | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.description | string | Issue Description | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.state | string | Issue State | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.priority | string | Issue Priority | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.severity | string | Issue Severity | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.resolution | string | Issue Resolution | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.creatorName | string | Issue CreatorName | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.assignee | number | Issue AssigneeId | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.assigneeName | string | Issue AssigneeName | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.createdDate | string | Issue CreatedDate | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.dueDate | string | Issue DueDate | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.ticketId | string | Issue TicketId | 
| McAfee.ePO.Issue.ticketServerName | string | Issue TicketServerName | 

#### Command Example
```!epo-list-issues```

#### Context Example
```json
{
    "McAfee": {

>         "ePO": {

Author: fixed

#### Command Example
```!epo-delete-issue id=8```

#### Human Readable Output

>Issue with id=0 was deleted

### epo-create-issue
***
Create an issue.

#### Base Command

`epo-create-issue`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| name | issue name. | Required | 
| description | issue description. | Required | 
| type | issue type. | Optional | 
| state | issue state. Possible values are: UNKNOWN, NEW, ASSIGNED, RESOLVED, CLOSED, TICKETED, TICKET_PENDING. | Optional | 
| priority | issue priority. Possible values are: UNKNOWN, LOWEST, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH, HIGHEST. | Optional | 
| severity | issue severity. Possible values are: UNKNOWN, LOWEST, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH, HIGHEST. | Optional | 
| resolution | issue resolution. Possible values are: NONE, FIXED, WAIVED, WILLNOTFIX. | Optional | 
| due | issue due. | Optional | 
| assignee_name | issue assignee_name. | Optional | 
| ticketServerName | issue ticketServerName. | Optional | 
| ticketId | issue ticketId. | Optional | 
| properties | issue properties. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | McAfee.ePO.Issue.Created.id | number | Issue Id | 

Author: Fixed
